[Service Bus] "message" word added to "createBatch", "CreateBatchOptions" and "tryAdd" (#11887)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

  and
  [PR 11810](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/11810)

> ### Breaking changes

Reviewer: I just realized that the changelog updates you made in https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/commit/1152ea0f9fb0d427d2df6f80da70e4271665d24b were made under the older release. Can you move those up here in this PR?

> - `ServiceBusSender` interface method `createBatch` renamed to `createMesageBatch`
> - `CreateBatchOptions` interface renamed to `CreateMessageBatchOptions`
> - `ServiceBusMessageBatch` interface method `tryAdd` renamed to `tryAddMessage`

Reviewer: Assuming that not every user may be familiar with the interface names, consider using the general terms for the objects

```suggestion
- The `createBatch` method on the sender is renamed to `createMesageBatch`
- The interface `CreateBatchOptions` followed by the options that are passed to the `createBatch` method is renamed to `CreateMessageBatchOptions`
- The `tryAdd` method on the message batch object is renamed to `tryAddMessage`
```
